README.md, before:

teaching kids
=============

Resources on teaching kids to program. Started by [ultrasaurus](http://github.com/ultrasaurus) (Sarah Allen) and [thewoolleyman](http://github.com/thewoolleyman) (Chad Woolley). A little help for Ruby programming with Shoes by [ashbb](http://github.com/ashbb) (Satoshi Asakawa).


Worksheets
----------

- [Ruby Programming and Shoes](http://github.com/railsbridge/teachingkids/tree/master/md/Ruby_Programming_and_Shoes.md)


Report from the field
---------------------
Link to Sarah Allen's blog:

- [teaching kids to code: first lesson](http://www.ultrasaurus.com/sarahblog/2009/05/teaching-ruby-to-kids-first-lesson/)
- [teaching kids to code: lesson #2](http://www.ultrasaurus.com/sarahblog/2009/05/teaching-kids-to-code-lesson-2/)
- [teaching kids to code: lesson #3](http://www.ultrasaurus.com/sarahblog/2009/05/teaching-kids-to-code-lesson-3/)


Change log
----------
May 31st, 2009: Added the link to Sarah Allen's field report.   
May 16th, 2009: Uploaded the resource of first lesson.

Commit message:

added a little game (Which is correct?)

README.md, after:

teaching kids
=============

Resources on teaching kids to program. Started by [ultrasaurus](http://github.com/ultrasaurus) (Sarah Allen) and [thewoolleyman](http://github.com/thewoolleyman) (Chad Woolley). A little help for Ruby programming with Shoes by [ashbb](http://github.com/ashbb) (Satoshi Asakawa).


Worksheets
----------

- [Ruby Programming and Shoes](http://github.com/railsbridge/teachingkids/tree/master/md/Ruby_Programming_and_Shoes.md)
- [A little game (Which is correct?)](http://github.com/railsbridge/teachingkids/tree/master/md/a_little_game_which_is_correct.md)


Report from the field
---------------------
Link to Sarah Allen's blog:

- [teaching kids to code: first lesson](http://www.ultrasaurus.com/sarahblog/2009/05/teaching-ruby-to-kids-first-lesson/)
- [teaching kids to code: lesson #2](http://www.ultrasaurus.com/sarahblog/2009/05/teaching-kids-to-code-lesson-2/)
- [teaching kids to code: lesson #3](http://www.ultrasaurus.com/sarahblog/2009/05/teaching-kids-to-code-lesson-3/)


Change log
----------
May 31st, 2009: Added the link to Sarah Allen's field report and a little game (Which is correct?)   
May 16th, 2009: Uploaded the resource of first lesson.
